---
title: "My Frist Blog"
date: 2021-09-14
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## All About Me

My Name is Chintanippula Babula.I am leraning a python.
I have one hubby. 
That is reading Books. 
Today I am readded one novel.
That novel name is DAMN IT!I AM A PANDA?
Know im sharing with you.
 What is that's novel...?
 What is inside of That's novel.
 NOTE[AN:My native languageis not English,so if there are any grammar mistakes please comment on that section]
 Robert looked at himself in a mirror,seeing the handsome face he nodded with satisfaction.
 Today he is going on a date with his frist girlfriend!
 He worked so hard and finally got a bueatiful girlfrind, Thinking of his as a siglee dog, Robert wanted to cry!
People say thst He is handsome, so it moust be easy to get a girlfried, right?
All the people Who said this to him received only one reply from him.
You know shit!
Dammn, did they think that with just a handsome face, every girl comes to my arms voluntarily?
That`s just a fantasy, in his college even the most beautiful girl is a girlfriend of a guy who lookm like average!
Well of course he look average compared to him!
But the thing is they are not even childhood friends, They just met for freaking 2 months and then they announced their relationship!!
On that day he realised just replying on the face is difficult to get a beautifull girl!
You shuold have a good mouth too, if if you want to have a girlfriend you should know how to talksweetly to the girls.
That's what the guy said to me!
if he wants a beautiful girlfriendthen he has to leran how to lick!
After so much practise he finally got a girlfriend!
How can he be not emotional?
He shorted out his emotion and showed ahandsome smile on his face!
With buff of licking skill and with such a handsome face, he is confident to get a girlfriend!
Everything went well,With licking skill,the girl had good time throughout the day.
Robert was satisfied too, Today was a great day he even got a chance to kiss her!
just as he  was going to send her home, the girl gave him a hint that made himjump with excitement!
They are going to open a room tonight!
That'smeans today he is going to say goodbye to his ----- life 

i will continue tomorrow night.....
---
title: "My second Blog"
date: 2021-09-15
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## All About Me

2021-09-15 day task
Yes it's very easy to make some words **bold** and other words *italic*  with markdown. you can even [link google!](http://google. com)  

---
title: "My third Blog"
date: 2021-09-16
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## novel name
***Alice, Adventures in Wonderland***

***By Lewis Caroll (1865)***

All in the Golden Afternoon

All in the Golden Afternoon
Full leisurely we glide;
For both  our oars, with littel skill,
By little arms are plied,
While little hands make vain pretense our wanderingsto guide.
Ah cruel Three!in such an hour,Beneath such dreamy weather,
To stir the tiniest feather!
Yet what can one poor voice avail
gainst three tongues together?
Imperious Prima flashes forth Her edict to "begin it":
In gentler tones Secunda hopes
"There wil be nonsensein it."
While Tertia interrupts the tale
Not more then once a minute.
Anon, to sudden silence won,
in fancy they pursue
The dream-child moving through a land
Of wonders wild and new, in frindly chat with bird or beast-- And half believe it true.
And ever, as the story drained 
The wells of fancy dry,
And faintly strove that weary one To put the subject by,
"The rest next time-""it is next time!"
The happy voices cry.
Thhus grew the tale of Wonderland:
Thus slowly,one by one,
Its quaint events were hammered out
And now the tale is done,
And home we steer, a merry crew,
Beneath the setting sun.
Alice! a childish story take ,
And with gentle hand lay it where Chilhood's dreams are twined
in Memory's mystic band,
Like pilgrim's withered wreath of flowers
Piucked in a far-off land.
---
title: "My fourth blog"
date: 2021-09-17
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## All about me 
My name is Ch babulal: 
I hvae on hobby:
That is reading novels and yeasterday i am reaed one novel That novel name na is ***Dragn king's son-in-law***

***Dark*** clouds covered the entier ***sky*** and pressed down towords the ground.
Vague thunder noises resonated in the ***sky*** as lighting flashed.
It felt like lightning was ready to dash through the clouds and break the ***sky*** into pieces.
""Damn it!"" Hao Ren* looked at the bed weather as he sighed; he knew that a strom was approaching. He breathed in the moist air as he paced himself 
towords the corner that waws about 300 meters away.

---
title: "My fifth  Blog"
date: 2021-09-18
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## chapter 1.

***Down The Rabbit hole***

Alice was beginning to get very tierd of sitting by her sister on th ebank, and of having nothing to do: once or twice she had peeded into the book her sister was reading, but it no pictures or conversation in it,'and what is the use of book,' though Alice 'without picture or conversation/'

So she was considering in her own mind(as well  as she cloud, for the hot day made her feel very sleepy and stupid), whether the pleasure of making a daisy-chian would be worth the troble of getting up and picking 

***2021-09-20***

The daisies, when suddenly a White Rabbit with pink eyes ran close by her. There was nothing so very remarkable in that; nor did Alice think it so very much out of the way to hear the Rabbit say to itself,
'Oh dear! Oh dear! I shall be late!' (when she thought  it over afterwards,
 It occurred to her that she ought to have wondered at this,
 But at the time it all seemed  quite natural); but when the Rabbit actually took a watch out of its waistcoat-pocket,
 And looked at it, and then hurried on, Alice stared to her feet, for it flashed across her mind that she had never before seen a rabbit with either a waistcoat-pocket or a watch to take out of it, and  burning with curiosity, she ran across the field after it, and fortunately was just in time to see it pop dowen a large rabbit-hole under the hedge.
 In another moment down went Alice

 ***2021-09-21***

 Ater it, never once considering how in the world she was to get out again.
 The rabbit-hole went straight on like a tunnel for same way, and then dipped suddenly down, so suddenly that Alice had not a moment to think about stopping herself before she found herself falling down a very deep well.

 Either the well was verry deep, or she fell very slowly, for she had plenty of time as she went down doen to look about her and to wonder what she was going to look down and make out it was going to happen next. First, she tried to look down and make out what she was comming to, but it was to dark to see anything;.
 Then she looked at the sides of the well, and noticed that they were filled with cupboards and book-shelves; here and there she saw maps and pictures hung upon pegs.
 She took down a jar from one of the shelves as the passed; it was labelled ***'ORANGE MARMALADE'***


---
title: ***1 BECOMING A PRINCE***
date: 2021-09-22
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## 1 BECOMING A PRINCE



Cheng yan felt as if someone was calling him.

"Your Highness, wake up..."

He turned his head away, but thr sounds he had heard did not disapper,
instead they become even louder. Then, he felt someone gently tug on his sleeve.


"Your Highness, my Royle Prines!"

Cheng Yen opened his eyes immediately. He did not see any of the things he had grown familiar with-the screen was gone,
And so too, was the wall which he had plasered with Post-its

---
title: ***IT'S JUST QUOTATION***
date: 2021-09-23
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## IT'S JUST QUOTATION

about to do tIf today were the last day of your life,
would you want to do what you areoday...?

---
title: ***IT'S JUST QUOTATION***
date: 2021-09-24
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## IT'S JUST QUOTATION


***"Two things are infinite. **The universe and human stupidy.**

....im not so sure about the univeres."***

---
title: ***IT'S JUST QUOTATION***
date: 2021-09-25
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## IT'S JUST QUOTATION

DON'T CRY
 BECAUSE
 IT'S OVER.
 SMILE BECAUSE
 IT'S HAPPENED.

---
title: "One of the famous story"
date: 2021-09-26
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal

##Lydia Davis, “The Outing”

It’s hard to pick a favorite from Davis’s massive body of work (“Break it Down” and “The Center of the Story” are two more that I love,
Though they’re a bit long for this list), but on the flip side, pretty much everything she writes is good. 
I like “The Outing” because it’s the skeleton of a story, poking fun at the notion of “what happens”—and yet still creates a powerful sense of what indeed happened. 
How does she do it?

---
title: "One of the famous story"
date: 2021-09-27
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
## 

This story slays me. Saunders builds meaning out of nothing, 
Slowly, it seems—although in a story 
This short there’s hardly room for slowness—and then rips it all away from you in the end, 
leaving you gutted and empty, which is just the sort of abject cruelty you really want from a writer.George Saunders,

---
title: "One of the famous story"
date: 2021-09-28
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
## The muders in the Run Morgue
## Writen by "Edgar Allan Poe"

Hailed as the “Father of Modern Short Stories”, did you know that Edgar Allan Poe is also the father of detective stories?  
The short story “Murders in the Rue Morgue” is the first detective fiction story that paved the way for other writers to follow.  

If Dupin reads like a familiar character, just know that his traits have been adopted by many other fictional detectives, 
Including Sir Arthur Conan Doyle’s Sherlock Holmes and Agatha Christie’s Hercule Poirot. 
It is a very short story but a classic nonetheless.

---
title: ***"My college momeries"***
date: 2021-09-29
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
## college momeries
That is my college frist day im in my class room some **person** came and asking to every one'c name and im also introduce my name.
That introduction part was becuse im last person in that room, fainaly that person teling he is name he is name is ***KIRAN KUMAR***
And he is telling  zoology subject.
Some students coming and they  are announced like this anybody interested in ***N C C*** please  comeout in classroom. 
This is that announcement, I am verey much interested im going out side and im selected ***n c c*** that's my bad luck.
No class room enjoyment's,
Only ground and Dril,

---
title: "The Flints Memory Lane"
date: 2021-09-30
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## novel name ***The Flints Memory Lane***
## writen byNeil gaiman
“The Flints of Memory Lane” by Neil Gaiman
The entire Neil Gaiman collection of short stories is really well done.
 I can’t share the story here because it’s still copyrighted, 
 So you’ll have to get the book to read it. 
 This particular is my favorite of the collection.

 ---
title: "One of the famous story"
date: 2021-10-01
categories:
---


I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
## The Esacped Man 

The rain was falling heavily. It was like driving through a thick curtain of water. He eased off the accelerator a little. Had to be careful driving on wild nights like these.
The last thing you’d want is to have an accident or breakdown. You just want to be at home on these stormy nights. The thwack-thwack of the windscreen wipers was hypnotic.
He stared out into the glow of the headlights. The rain sounded like white noise interference as it battered the car. He was reminded of the opening scenes of a Hitchcock film.
Through the wash of the rain he spotted a figure at the side of the road. The person wore a green parka and had their thumb jerked out.
Why on earth would anyone be hitchhiking tonight? Surely you would just stay put until the morning. They must have been in a rush to get where they were going.
He signalled down and pulled over. The hitchhiker climbed in. He shut the door quickly, glad to be out of the rain. He pulled his hood back and sighed.
He was somewhere in his mid-twenties and had wild red hair and a thick beard.
‘Awful night, eh?’ said the driver.
The hitchhiker held his gaze for a long moment. Drops of rainwater trickled down his face.
‘Yes. Yes it is.’
The driver pulled out and continued through the storm. The hitcher glanced over his shoulder into the blackness behind them.
‘You okay?’
The hitcher simply nodded.
They drove on in silence for a short while. The BBC radio phone in blaring out from the car’s speakers filled in for conversation.
They listened to the radio and their own thoughts as they moved on.
‘Where are you headed?’ asked the driver.
‘North.’ The hitcher pointed.
‘Are you travelling to visit friends?’
‘Hmph.’
The driver couldn’t tell if that was a yes or a no. He adjusted his tie nervously. The hitcher stared at him in his suit and tie.
The hitcher seemed scruffy in comparison in his parka and Pink Floyd t-shirt.
‘Do you work around here?’ asked the hitcher.
‘Yes.’ said the driver. ‘I was stuck late at the office. You know how it is.’
‘No. Not really.’
Again they drifted into silence.
The talk radio show carried on as they drove through the wind and rain. The hitcher shifted in his seat and stared out the windscreen.
‘No music?’ the hitcher asked.
‘What?’
‘Is there no music we could listen to?’
‘I like the talk radio shows. I’m not really a music fan.’
The hitcher’s eyes glazed over for a moment. Then he spoke.
‘I like listening to music. It calms me down.’
The driver said nothing.
Several miles later there was a news bulletin on the radio. The reporter tried to remain professional as she read the announcement.
‘We are getting reports that a patient has escaped from a Manchester psychiatric institution. The man is said to be psychopathic and is said to have a history of murder.’
The hitcher jabbed a finger on the button on the radio panel. Tinny pop music blurted out from the speakers. The driver stared at his passenger, his question unasked.
‘I hate the news.’ answered the hitcher. ‘It’s so depressing. It brings me down. There is never any good news, is there?’
The driver did not reply.
‘Don’t worry. I’m not the killer.’ said the hitcher, fidgeting with his coat.
‘No?’ said the driver. ‘I mean, no, of course you aren’t.’
Click here to see how this story ends

---
title: "The Dark Walk Home"
date: 2021-10-02
categories:
---


I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
Let me tell you the story of Lucy Spring. 
She used to love it here. It was so vibrant. So colorful. 
Things have changed. She left Mayview City two years ago, with no plans of ever returning. 
Death has a way of bringing people home.
She had hoped the familiar sidewalks would comfort her in a way the funeral visitors couldn’t. Instead, they made her uneasy. 
She has a long walk to her car, wit ha phone as dead as her little brother.
Why hadn’t she called Bekki? She would have liked to hear her voice. What Lucy is hearing now isn’t a voice. Lucy stops. 
The footsteps don’t.

---
title: "One of the famous story"
date: 2021-10-03
categories:
---

I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal
## "The Pig"
## Writen by "Roald Dahl"
In England once there lived a big
And wonderfully clever pig.
To everybody it was plain
That Piggy had a massive brain.
He worked out sums inside his head,
There was no book he hadn’t read,
He knew what made an airplane fly,
He knew how engines worked and why.
He knew all this, but in the end
One question drove him round the bend:
He simply couldn’t puzzle out
What LIFE was really all about.
What was the reason for his birth?
Why was he placed upon this earth?
His giant brain went round and round.
Alas, no answer could be found,
Till suddenly one wondrous night,
All in a flash, he saw the light.
He jumped up like a ballet dancer
And yelled, “By gum, I’ve got the answer!”
“They want my bacon slice by slice
“To sell at a tremendous price!
“They want my tender juicy chops
“To put in all the butchers’ shops!
“They want my pork to make a roast
“And that’s the part’ll cost the most!
“They want my sausages in strings!
“They even want my chitterlings!
“The butcher’s shop! The carving knife!
“That is the reason for my life!”
Such thoughts as these are not designed
To give a pig great peace of mind.
Read the entire poem/story here

---
title: "One of the famous Qutaion"
date: 2021-10-04
categories:
---


I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

 my name is ***ch babulal***

Life knock us down,
But we can ***choose***
 whether or not 
 to ***stand back up.***
    
    
   ***--Jackie chan***

---
title: "One of the famous Qutaion"
date: 2021-10-05
categories:
---


I want to follow this advice and strive to create something I care about.

## my name is ch babulal

***" Imagination is more importent then knowledge"***
                  
                  ***--Albert Einstein***